Laravel_Social_Login-Socialite
https://github.com/avinashn/Laravel_Social_Login-Socialite/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Condor Dashboard
https://github.com/condorrocks/condor/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

igniCMS is an administrative interface builder for Laravel
https://github.com/despark/ignicms/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Build a social network with Laravel 5.3 and VueJS 2.0
https://github.com/kati-frantz/Laravel-5.3-and-Vue-js-2.0-social-network

A beauty salon pricing app, built with Laravel 5.3 and Vue 2.
https://github.com/AshMenhennett/Salon-Pricing/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel GitScrum is a free application to help developer team. Git + Scrum = Team More Productive
https://github.com/renatomarinho/laravel-gitscrum/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Build a forum app with Laravel 5.3 and Vue.js 2
https://github.com/AshMenhennett/Forum?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel multi-app or modular applications development
https://github.com/mrabbani/laravel_module_manager/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Building a Laravel user conversation system in a few minutes with Laravel Talk
https://github.com/nahid/talk/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Multi-library chart package to create interactive charts using laravel
https://github.com/ConsoleTVs/Charts/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

This package lets you translate any string to multiple languages easily in laravel 5.X
https://github.com/24aitor/laralang/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Flarepoint is a free, open-source and self-hosted CRM platform based of Laravel 5
https://github.com/Bottelet/Flarepoint-crm

WebEd: a cool Laravel 5 CMS
https://github.com/sgsoft-studio/webed/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Create beautiful documentation in minutes with Laravel Codex
https://github.com/codex-project/codex?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Implementing Two-Factor authentication service into Laravel apps with Rinvex Authy
https://github.com/rinvex/authy/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Build a full-featured admin interface with few lines of code.
https://github.com/z-song/laravel-admin/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Send sms and call verification tokens with Laravel Authy Notification Channel
https://github.com/laravel-notification-channels/authy/#usage
https://github.com/laravel-notification-channels/authy/?Utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Automatic upload handling with Laravel Uploadable package
http://learninglaravel.net/automatic-upload-handling-with-laravel-uploadable-package

How to integrate Stripe payment gateway in laravel
https://github.com/avinashn/StripeIntegration_laravel

Send messages in real time using Laravel, Node.js and Redis
https://github.com/ahmedawad250/laravel_nodejs_redis_realtime/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Rinvex Country is a simple and lightweight package for retrieving country details with flexibility
https://github.com/rinvex/country

Forest Laravel Liana - Forest is a modern admin interface
https://github.com/ForestAdmin/forest-laravel/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Useful tricks that make coding with Laravel easier
https://github.com/secrethash/trickster?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

LogViewer v4.0
https://github.com/ARCANEDEV/LogViewer?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Build a Laravel 5 eCommerce application with Mage 2
https://github.com/mage2/laravel-ecommerce?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Handle the API problems with ease using Laravel Faulty
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/laravel-faulty?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to implement datatables in Laravel 5
https://github.com/avinashn/datatables-implementation-laravel/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Automatically generate a sitemap in Laravel 5
https://github.com/spatie/laravel-sitemap?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

View all Laravel routes easily with Pretty Routes
https://github.com/garygreen/pretty-routes?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Generate thumbnail images with Laravel Croppa
https://github.com/BKWLD/croppa?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Manage site-wide announcements easily with Laravel Announcement
https://github.com/laravelhungary/announcement?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How to import CSV data to local database in Laravel
https://github.com/avinashn/ImportCSVdata-laravel/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Ribbbon: a project management system built on Laravel 5 and Vue.js
https://github.com/canvasowl/ribbbon?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Working with regex easily using a new PHP package
https://github.com/spatie/regex?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Build a Realtime App Using Laravel, NodeJs, AngularJS and Redis
https://github.com/shellprog/Realtime-App-Laravel-NodeJs-AngularJS-Redis

Uploading and attaching media files to models using Laravel Mediable
https://github.com/plank/laravel-mediable?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Build a multi language app easily with Laravel Language Switcher
https://github.com/ied3vil/LanguageSwitcher?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Test our Laravel API routes easily using the Laravel API Tester package
https://github.com/asvae/laravel-api-tester?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Record the change log from models with Laravel Auditing
https://github.com/owen-it/laravel-auditing?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Build a Laravel and Vue.js blog with Vuedo!
https://github.com/vuedo/vuedo?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How to perform CRUD operations using ajax in laravel
https://github.com/avinashn/Ajax-CRUD-example-in-laravel/?utm_source=learninglaravel

Make a web application just in minutes with Laravel CRUDBooster
https://github.com/crocodic-studio/crudbooster/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

laravel-password: prevent Laravel users from having dumb passwords
https://github.com/unicodeveloper/laravel-password?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How to add pagination with search functionality to our laravel app
https://github.com/avinashn/Pagination-and-Search-Laravel/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

LaraWebEd: A good Laravel CMS for starters
https://github.com/duyphan2502/LaraWebEd?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Log activity in a Laravel app with Laravel Activitylog
https://github.com/spatie/laravel-activitylog?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

LaraAdmin: a Laravel CRM for quick-start Admin based applications
https://github.com/dwijitsolutions/laraadmin?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How to implement Multi Auth in Laravel 5.2
https://github.com/imrealashu/laravel-multiauth/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel PHP Framework and AngularJS CRUD with Search and Pagination Example
https://github.com/ajaysoftdeveloper/Laravel-5-Angularjs-CRUD-with-Search-and-Pagination?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel Langman - a language files manager in your artisan console
https://github.com/themsaid/laravel-langman

Laravel Analytics 2.0: Retrieve data from Google Analytics
https://github.com/spatie/laravel-analytics?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel 5 Cheat Sheet
https://github.com/Aufree/laravel5-cheatsheet

Laravel PackMe - A starter pack for developing packages with Laravel 5
https://github.com/ptondereau/laravel-packme?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to run Laravel on Docker
https://github.com/LaraDock/laradock?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to add a user profile photo in Laravel
https://github.com/thedevdojo/laravel-user-image

CRM Launcher
https://github.com/rubenwouters/crm-launcher

Laravel Angular Admin: Laravel, Angularjs, Bootstrap and AdminLTE Dashboard Boilerplate
https://github.com/silverbux/laravel-angular-admin

Track user activity and detect Laravel application errors with Laravel Rollbar
https://github.com/jenssegers/laravel-rollbar

Laravel Talk - Develop a messaging system in 25 mins
https://github.com/nahid/talk

A cool dashboard made with Laravel and VueJS
https://github.com/spatie/dashboard.spatie.be

Blogify - Quickly integrate a blog in your Laravel project
https://github.com/Blogify/Blogify

Laracogs - Prepare your Laravel apps incredibly fast
https://github.com/yabhq/laracogs

Laravel Backpack - Build a custom admin interface for your Eloquent models
https://github.com/Laravel-Backpack/crud/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel API Documentation Generator
https://github.com/mpociot/laravel-apidoc-generator/

Laravel Query Tracer - Find exactly where a specific database query is being called
https://github.com/fitztrev/query-tracer

Laravel 5+ Searchy - Database Searching Made Easy
https://github.com/TomLingham/Laravel-Searchy

Analytics tracking package for Laravel
https://github.com/ipunkt/laravel-analytics

Aimeos Laravel package - Laravel e-commerce package for high performance online shops
https://github.com/aimeos/aimeos-laravel

Pagination with Vue and Laravel
https://github.com/JellyBool/laravel-vue-pagination

Laravel Generator - Get your APIs and Admin Panel ready in minutes
https://github.com/InfyOmLabs/laravel-generator

Transform PHP Vars to JavaScript
https://github.com/laracasts/PHP-Vars-To-Js-Transformer

Laravel GitScrum is a free application to help developer team. Git + Scrum = Team More Productive
https://github.com/renatomarinho/laravel-gitscrum/


Log activity inside your Laravel app
https://github.com/spatie/laravel-activitylog

A Trello clone based on PHP using Laravel 4.2, knockout and twitter bootstrap
https://github.com/masoodahm/Mejili

Laravel YouTube
https://github.com/mschwarzmueller/laravel-basics-youtube

Beautymail for Laravel 5
https://github.com/Snowfire/Beautymail

Server monitoring for Laravel apps
https://github.com/ericmakesstuff/laravel-server-monitor

-------------------------

Articles and resources

How to Create a Reusable Modal Box in Laravel & VueJS
http://taha-sh.com/blog/how-to-create-a-reusable-modal-box-in-laravel-vuejs

How to Implement Infinite Scroll in Laravel
http://wern-ancheta.com/blog/2015/03/01/how-to-implement-scroll-in-laravel/

Parsing and Sending Laravel Logs to ElasticSearch using Logstash
http://www.darwinbiler.com/parsing-and-sending-laravel-logs-to-elasticsearch-using-logstash/

Setting Up Ajax Validation with Laravel & VueJS in No Time
http://taha-sh.com/blog/setting-up-ajax-validation-with-laravel-vuejs-in-no-time

User email verification for Laravel 5
http://learninglaravel.net/user-email-verification-for-laravel-5

Laravel 5.2 Email Verification with Activation Code
https://blog.damirmiladinov.com/laravel/laravel-5.2-email-verification-with-activation-code.html#.VxWojZMrLVI

4 JavaScript Design Patterns You Should Know
https://scotch.io/bar-talk/4-javascript-design-patterns-you-should-know

Building and testing Artisan Commands
http://themsaid.com/building-testing-interactive-console-20160409/

Conditionally adding instructions to laravel's query builder
http://themsaid.com/laravel-query-conditions-20160425/

Validate & Sanitize User Input to help prevent dirty databases and XSS exploits
https://asked.io/laravel-validaton--all-your-base-are-belong-to-us

Simple Search with Laravel and ElasticSearch
https://fullstackstanley.com/read/simple-search-with-laravel-and-elasticsearch

Integrating Elasticsearch with Your Laravel app
https://blog.madewithlove.be/post/integrating-elasticsearch-with-your-laravel-app/

Cascade Delete & Restore when using SoftDeletes
https://asked.io/cascading-softdeletes-with-laravel-5

Custom Authentication with validation in laravel
http://justlaravel.com/custom-authentication-laravel/

How To Process Tweets in Real-Time with Laravel
https://scotch.io/tutorials/how-to-process-tweets-in-real-time-with-laravel

Route model binding using middleware
https://murze.be/2016/05/using-current-user-route-model-binding/

Visualization of data using highcharts in laravel
http://justlaravel.com/visualization-data-highcharts-laravel/

Searching for Bobby Fisher with Laravel 5
http://tnt.studio/blog/searching-for-bobby-fisher-with-laravel-5

Tinker with the Data in Your Laravel Apps with Php Artisan Tinker
https://scotch.io/tutorials/tinker-with-the-data-in-your-laravel-apps-with-php-artisan-tinker

Working with Dropbox in Laravel 5
http://devartisans.com/articles/working-with-dropbox-laravel-5?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Basic Internet Of Things Tutorial Using Raspberry Pi And Cloudways Laravel Cloud
https://www.cloudways.com/blog/internet-of-things-tutorial-using-raspberry-pi-laravel/?id=46703

LaraCart - fast and simple solution for cart based systems
http://laracart.lukepolo.com/1.0/getting-started

API Token Based Access Laravel 5.1
https://alfrednutile.info/posts/183

Custom data pagination with Laravel 5
http://psampaz.github.io/custom-data-pagination-with-laravel-5/

Sharing Data Between Views Using Laravel View Composers
https://scotch.io/tutorials/sharing-data-between-views-using-laravel-view-composers
https://github.com/johnkariuki/laravel-view-composers

Laravel 5.2 ElasticSearch implementation
http://blog.juganaru.eu/2016/05/19/laravel-5-2-elasticsearch-implementation/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Paypal payment Gateway Integration in Laravel 5.2
https://www.educlan.com/ask/17/laravel-5-paypal-payment-gateway-integration-easy-way-and-complete-detail

LiveReload and Browsersync with Laravel
http://andremadarang.com/livereload-and-browsersync-with-laravel/

Laravel 5 Cheat Sheet
https://github.com/Aufree/laravel5-cheatsheet
http://learninglaravel.net/cheatsheet/

Eloquent Create, Update
http://codebyjeff.com/blog/2016/04/eloquent-create-update-new-the-untold-story

Active Repository is good & Awesomely Usable
https://blog.rinvex.com/active-repository-is-good-awesomely-usable-6991cfd58774#.ksj5251do

Integrate Facebook Login Authentication and Register Example in Laravel 5.2 from Scratch
http://www.expertphp.in/article/integrate-facebook-login-authentication-and-register-example-in-laravel-52-from-scratch?tum_source=learninglaravel.net

How to upload and list files from database in Laravel 5.2
http://www.expertphp.in/article/how-to-upload-save-and-display-file-from-database-in-laravel-52?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to send scheduled tasks output to Slack using Laravel
http://tnt.studio/blog/task-scheduling-output-to-slack?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How to integrate Google Login Authentication in Laravel 5 from scratch
http://www.expertphp.in/article/laravel-5-login-with-google-oauth-apiclient-example?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Five Awesome Code Snippets For Your Laravel PHP Applications
https://klyp.co/blog?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to create a Laravel 404 page using custom exception handlers
https://scotch.io/tutorials/creating-a-laravel-404-page-using-custom-exception-handlers?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel Bootstrap Typeahead Autocomplete Search from Database
http://www.expertphp.in/article/laravel-bootstrap-typeahead-autocomplete-search-from-database?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to validate Laravel forms using Google reCaptcha
http://www.expertphp.in/article/validate-form-on-submit-using-google-recaptcha-validation-example-in-laravel?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to upload images from summernote text editor in Laravel 5
http://www.expertphp.in/article/laravel-summernote-editor-to-get-upload-file-image-url-instead-of-base64-intervention-image?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to add search functionality to our Laravel application
http://justlaravel.com/search-functionality-laravel/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How to integrate OAuth2 into our Laravel application with oauth2-server-laravel
https://jamesmcfadden.co.uk/configuring-oauth2-resource-owner-credentials-grant-laravel-5?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to use Google Pie Chart with Laravel PHP Framework
http://www.expertphp.in/article/google-3d-pie-chart-add-rows-dynamically-using-visualization-table-laravel-example?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to install Laravel 5 with Xampp on Windows
https://www.codementor.io/magarrent/tutorials/how-to-install-laravel-5-xampp-windows-du107u9ji

Set up Paypal Payment Gateway Integration in Laravel PHP
http://www.expertphp.in/article/set-up-paypal-payment-gateway-integration-in-laravel-php?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How to use encryption, decryption and hashing algorithms in laravel applications.
http://justlaravel.com/cryptography-encryption-hashing/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How to create custom Middleware to make a route group available only during testing
http://blog.catzie.net/laravel-5-create-route-group-that-is-only-available-during-testing-middleware/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Some Laravel Elasticsearch Integration packages that we should know
http://cubettech.com/blog/laravel-elasticsearch-integration-packages/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How to get Laravel Route Parameters in Middleware
https://scotch.io/tutorials/get-laravel-route-parameters-in-middleware?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel User Registration with Email Activation
http://jimfrenette.com/2016/07/laravel-user-registration-with-email-activation/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How to build a Shopping List Application with Laravel and AngularJS
https://return-true.com/angularjs-shopping-list-application-part-1/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net
https://return-true.com/angularjs-laravel-shopping-list-application-part-2/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Create RESTful API using Laravel 5 with resourceful routes
http://www.expertphp.in/article/create-restful-api-using-laravel-5-with-resourceful-routes-example?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How to create a custom facade in laravel 5.2
http://www.expertphp.in/article/how-to-create-custom-facade-in-laravel-52?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn about Gate and authorization improvements in Laravel 5.3
https://josephsilber.com/posts/2016/08/03/authorization-improvements-in-laravel-5-3?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to build Scalable Newsfeeds with PHP 7 and Laravel in 60 Minutes
http://blog.getstream.io/build-scalable-newsfeeds-with-php-7-and-laravel-in-60-minutes?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to read Twitter Stream with PHP and Laravel
http://tnt.studio/blog/how-to-read-twitter-stream-with-php-and-laravel?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn how to use Laravel with Docker
https://kyleferg.com/laravel-development-with-docker/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Generate PDF from HTML in Laravel PHP using Dompdf Library
http://www.expertphp.in/article/generate-pdf-from-html-in-php-laravel-using-dompdf-library?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How To Create Custom Validation Rules With Laravel 5
http://www.expertphp.in/article/how-to-create-custom-validation-rules-with-laravel-5?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel 5 task scheduling with cron job
http://www.expertphp.in/article/laravel-5-task-scheduling-with-cron-job-example?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How To Use ReCAPTCHA In Laravel 5.2 Forms For Validation
https://www.cloudways.com/blog/use-recaptcha-laravel-forms-validation/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Add Google Map in Laravel with Googlmapper
http://www.tisuchi.com/add-google-map-laravel-googlmapper/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

THE FACADE PATTERN
https://www.dunebook.com/brief-overview-of-design-patterns-used-in-laravel/6

THE PROVIDER PATTERN
https://www.dunebook.com/brief-overview-of-design-patterns-used-in-laravel/5

THE STRATEGY PATTERN
https://www.dunebook.com/brief-overview-of-design-patterns-used-in-laravel/4

THE REPOSITORY PATTERN
https://www.dunebook.com/brief-overview-of-design-patterns-used-in-laravel/3

Factory pattern
https://www.dunebook.com/brief-overview-of-design-patterns-used-in-laravel/2

BRIEF OVERVIEW OF DESIGN PATTERNS USED IN LARAVEL
https://www.dunebook.com/brief-overview-of-design-patterns-used-in-laravel/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Easy and Fast Emails with Laravel 5.3 Mailables
https://scotch.io/tutorials/easy-and-fast-emails-with-laravel-5-3-mailables?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Set up OAuth2 server using Laravel Passport
https://blog.shameerc.com/2016/08/set-up-oauth2-server-using-laravel-passport

Build a Laravel Application with User Authentication
https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-laravel-application-with-user-authentication?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Tracking If a User Is Currently Online in Laravel
https://erikbelusic.com/tracking-if-a-user-is-online-in-laravel/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel 5.3 Upload Image with Validation example
http://www.expertphp.in/article/laravel-53-upload-image-with-validation-example?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Docker, Rancher, & Laravel: Easy & Safe Scalability!
https://medium.com/@asked_io/docker-rancher-laravel-easy-safe-scalability-4e6eb8758232#.wyb6ugpmq

Laravel JWT Auth with Vue.js
http://jimfrenette.com/2016/09/laravel-vuejs-jwt-auth/

Laravel Ajax Register and Login
https://code4fun.io/post/laravel-ajax-register-and-login

Laravel 5.2 - Image Crop and Edit Example
https://codequs.com/p/B1LeDhBF/Laravel%205.2%20-%20Image%20Crop%20and%20Edit%20Example?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn to build a simple chat app with Laravel, Vue and Pusher
http://simonij.me/how-to-build-a-simple-chat-app-with-laravel-vue-and-pusher/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Build search functionality with Laravel Scout and Vue.js
https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-search-functionality-with-laravel-scout-and-vue-js?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Building a Phonegap App With Laravel and Angular - Part 1
http://matthewdaly.co.uk/blog/2016/09/11/building-a-phonegap-app-with-laravel-and-angular-part-1/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Building a Phonegap App With Laravel and Angular - Part 2
http://matthewdaly.co.uk/blog/2016/09/18/building-a-phonegap-app-with-laravel-and-angular-part-2/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net


How to share data with all views in Laravel 5.3 the right way
https://code4fun.io/post/how-to-share-data-with-all-views-in-laravel-5-3-the-right-way?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How To Build A Slack Bot Using Laravel
https://www.cloudways.com/blog/build-laravel-powered-slack-bot/?id=46703

Image Uploading in Laravel 5.3
http://way2php.com/image-uploading-laravel-5-3/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Make your Laravel site 6x faster using Redis as caching server
https://tuts.codingo.me/improve-site-loading-speed-using-redis/utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Developing Laravel applications with Docker
https://medium.com/@mrfoh/developing-laravel-applications-with-docker-7324c0a0789a#.eef81zrtj

Building a Referral System with Laravel
https://brudtkuhl.com/building-referral-system-laravel/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

SENDING EMAIL IN LARAVEL WITH MAILABLES
http://activatesaga.com/sending-email-laravel-mailables/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Lumen Route List
http://learninglaravel.net/how-to-get-route-list-in-lumen-as-like-as-laravel

Access Laravel application database information from php artisan command
http://learninglaravel.net/access-laravel-application-database-information-from-php-artisan-command

JavaScript Data Grid with Laravel 5 Usage Guide
https://dhtmlx.com/blog/javascript-data-grid-with-laravel-5-usage-guide/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel 5 Instagram API tutorial with example
http://itsolutionstuff.com/post/laravel-5-instagram-api-tutorial-with-exampleexample.html?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel 5.3 - How to create SEO friendly sluggable URL
http://itsolutionstuff.com/post/laravel-53-how-to-create-seo-friendly-sluggable-urlexample.html?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

2FA in Laravel with Google Authenticator
https://www.sitepoint.com/2fa-in-laravel-with-google-authenticator-get-secure/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Export data to Excel or CSV in Laravel 5.3
http://way2php.com/export-data-excel-csv-laravel-5-3/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Handling Laravel Validation Error Messages With Vue.js
https://scotch.io/tutorials/handling-laravel-validation-error-messages-with-vue-js?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

How to Extract Text and Images from PDF File Using PHP
https://www.phpclasses.org/blog/package/9732/post/1-How-to-Extract-Text-and-Images-from-PDF-File-Using-PHP.html

How to integrate Stripe payment gateway in laravel
http://justlaravel.com/integrate-stripe-payment-gateway-laravel/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel 5.3 Social and Email Multi-Authentication
https://tuts.codingo.me/laravel-social-and-email-authentication/utm_source=learninglaravel.net

5 BEST SECURITY TIPS FOR A LARAVEL APPLICATION
https://www.dunebook.com/5-best-security-tips-for-a-laravel-application/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Learn about Google Authentication in Laravel 5.3
http://way2php.com/google-authentication-laravel-5-3/

Learn how to build a Survey app using Laravel 5
https://blog.khophi.co/10-days-laravel-5-laravel-survey-app/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

Laravel 5 - create quick backend admin panel tutorial
http://itsolutionstuff.com/post/laravel-5-create-quick-backend-admin-panel-tutorialexample.html/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net

LARAVEL 5.3 ADD MULTI-LANGUAGE FUNCTIONALITY
http://soiposervices.com/laravel-5-3-add-multi-language-functionality/?utm_source=learninglaravel.net