###########################################
##
## PHP Dictionary Scripts
##
###########################################

PHP Dictionary class 1.0
http://www.phpkode.com/scripts/item/dictionary-class/

PHP lib_dictionary 1.1.1
http://www.phpkode.com/scripts/item/lib_dictionary/

PHP dictionary
http://www.phpdictionary.com/

Maran PHP Dictionary Scripts - English Romanian Text File DB
http://www.maran.pamil-visions.com/maranphp/dictionary.zip

PHP Classes Text spell checking based only in PHP code
http://www.phpclasses.org/package/1992-PHP-Text-spell-checking-based-only-in-PHP-code.html

--------------------------------------

Files ( txt or xml )

Different Technical DictionariesLink
http://accessdata.com/support/knowledge-base

WÃ¶rterbuch 2 English German Drupal Translations
http://localize.drupal.org/node/1263

Words List in different languages
http://www.winedt.org/Dict/

Small English - French - German Dictionary in txt file
http://www.inglisx.com/dictionary.txt

Small Feudal Dictionary in txt file
http://langs.eserver.org/feudal-dictionary.txt

Drupal Technical Terms Dictionary
http://drupal.org/files/issues/DICTIONARY_0.txt

Small English German Dictionary in txt file
http://magic.freizeitspieler.de/MTGterms_EN-DE.txt

CSV English German Dictionary Terms
http://www.factual.com/t/d8ZXpA/deentxt_a_GermanEnglish_dictionary_file_pk_German

The kengdic (ezcorean korean-English dictionary)
http://ezcorean.com/downloads/kengdic/

Wiktionary dictionaries for StarDict (many Languages)
http://wiktionary-export.nataraj.su/en/

Kevin's Word List Page
http://wordlist.sourceforge.net/

Universal dictionary databas English Spanish
http://www.dicts.info/uddl.php

English wordlist (DOS format)Link
http://www.sil.org/linguistics/wordlists/english/

Collaborative International Dictionary of English in XML files
http://www.ibiblio.org/webster/

Dictionary Terms for PHP Functions
http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=534
